The official website for Black Torch television anime announced additional cast and staff on Friday. The anime series adapting Tsuyoshi Takaki's action supernatural manga is scheduled to premiere on Tokyo MX and other stations on July 4.

Cast
Toshimasa Azuma: Shinpachi Tsuji (Saigo ni Hitotsu dake Onegai shitemo Yoroshii deshou ka)
Touko Kusumi: Yuuko Kaida (Tondemo Skill de Isekai Hourou Meshi)
Banjuro Tokieda: Houchuu Ootsuka (Golden Kamuy)

Staff
Sub Character Design: Mariko Kinoshita (Chuuzenji-sensei Mononoke Kougiroku animation director), Yumi Nakamura (Liar Liar), Masahiko Suzuki (Otome Game Sekai wa Mob ni Kibishii Sekai desu)
Design Works: Toshihiro Kikuchi
Art Director: Seiko Imaizumi (KU-RU-KU-RU Cruller!), Sachi Takahashi (Fujimoto Tatsuki 17-26)
Color Design: Haruko Nobori (Kizoku Tensei)
CG Director: Hirotaka Naito (Pretty Rhythm: Aurora Dream)
Director of Photography: Sei Yamamoto (Yumemiru Danshi wa Genjitsushugisha)
Editing: Masato Yoshitake (Tsue to Tsurugi no Wistoria)
Sound Director: Takeshi Takadera (Bad Girl)
Sound Effects: Naoto Yamatani (Yuusha-kei ni Shosu)

Kei Umabiki (Kono Sekai wa Fukanzen Sugiru) is helming the anime at 100studio. Gigaemon Ichikawa (Shinka no Mi: Shiranai Uchi ni Kachigumi Jinsei) is handling series composition and script. Gou Suzuki (Sword Art Online: Alicization) is designing the characters, while Yutaka Yamada (Tokyo Ghoul) is composing the music.

Tsuyoshi Takaki serialized the action supernatural manga in Jump SQ. from December 2016 to March 2018 before switching to Shounen Jump+ the following month and ending it in July 2018. Shueisha published the fifth and final volume in August 2018.

VIZ Media licensed the manga in English in July 2017 and released the fifth volume in August 2019. The manga has also been published in multiple foreign languages, including Spanish, French, and Italian.

Source: Comic Natalie


kalau bsia bair rapih ada garis abru bair enak di baca sesuai kontesk contoh lihat di webnay ya akruat ada simbol keren bukan emot ya simbol keren sesuai konteks akurat ya